They despise splendor
They kicked him out of his house.
I didn't want to see them before
But now I've suddenly changed my mind
Let them in.
Let them see with their own eyes the deepening of Can'er's glory
The subordinates know what to do
Yeah, definitely.
Okay, come, come, come here
Did Mr. Lu let us in?
That's right, you can go in, hahaha, that's great.
I told you so.
Huacan Group is still watching us freeze
Wait until we get the shared lease with Huacan Group again.
Just look at the door and wait. Wait a minute.
You can go in.
But you need to change clothes first.
What do you mean?
There were more people at the dinner party today
We happen to be short of a few waiters
If you don't mind
You can be a waiter
Forget it if you mind